Call me godfather, otherwise don't recognize me as godmother
Godson, did you hear?
Godmother is going to be angry
Godfather, I was wrong
Please forgive me.
Is that right?
I love you so much
Of course I will forgive you.
But you can do something wrong to me later.
You're welcome.
roll
Did I let you go?
Du Chen, I will spare you today.
But if you do it again next time
No luck
Du Feiyun won't let you see any blood today
I'm sorry you made such a big fight today
Hmm Du Feiyun
The last time I suffered
This time I'll let you taste them one by one.
Somebody drag him out for me
Lu Chen
I hope you remember the promise we made
Otherwise I won't make you feel better
As long as Mrs. Jiang accompanies me well
I will definitely keep my promise
Mr. Du
What did you just say to Executive Jiang?
How could he treat you? Do you want to know?
Come with me tonight and I'll tell you
Mr. Du, don't do this
Du Chen, you are so brave
How dare you bully our Miss Zi Yulin?
Which eye did you see me bullying him? Maybe
Miss Zhou enjoyed it very much